docs(gen): content harmonization (#4042)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/create-esxi-cluster-dedibox/index.mdx

1. Open a web browser and point it to the domain name of your vCenter. Log in using the `administrator@vsphere.local` user and the password set during the installation. The vSphere dashboard displays:
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-vsphere_client.webp" width="800" alt="" />

> 2. Click **Actions** > **New data center** to create a new data center. A data center is a group of machines.

Reviewer: Same here

> 2. Click **Actions** > **New data center** to create a new data center. A data center is a group of machines.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Click **Actions** > **New datacenter** to create a new data center. A data center is a group of machines.
```

    <Lightbox src="scaleway-addhost_3.webp" width="600" alt="" />
7. vCenter manages all ESXi licenses centrally. Assign a license to the machine and click **Next**:
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-addhost_4.webp" width="600" alt="" />
8. Choose the **Lockdown mode** for ESXi. If the server is locked down, it can only be managed from vCenter and the ESXi web interface becomes unavailable.
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-addhost_5.webp" width="600" alt="" />
9. Select the location of the machine. Currently, we only have one data center, so click **Next** to continue:
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-addhost_6.webp" width="600" alt="" />
10. A summary of your settings displays, click **Finish** to import the machine into vCenter Server:
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-addhost_7.webp" width="600" alt="" />

Repeat the import for the second server to manage both of them centrally from the vCenter Server.

## Creating a cluster

A cluster is a group of several machines. When a host is added to a cluster, its resources become part of the cluster, and all hosts' resources within it are managed by the cluster.

> 1. From the **Data center** dashboard in your vSphere web interface click **Actions** > **New Cluster**:

Reviewer: Same here

> 1. From the **Data center** dashboard in your vSphere web interface click **Actions** > **New Cluster**:

Author: ```suggestion
1. From the **Datacenter** dashboard in your vSphere web interface click **Actions** > **New Cluster**:
```
